update: service worker docs (#3091)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/progressive-web-application.md

}
```

> Note: webpack-dev-server writes in-memory by default. We will need to write to disk for http-server to read our dist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: [webpack DevServer](/configuration/dev-server/) writes in-memory by default. We'll need to enable [writeToDisk](/configuration/dev-server#devserverwritetodisk-) option in order for http-server to be able to serve files from `./dist` directory.
```
